README.md, before:

<img src="quickemu.png" alt="quickemu" width="128" /><h1 style="line-height: 64px">Quickemu - Icons</h1>

Quickemu VM icons for various operating systems for use in desktop files etc.

Visit the <a href="https://github.com/Lukewh/quickemu-icons/releases">Releases page</a> to download optimized versions.

<hr />

## VM Examples
<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>OS</th>
			<th>PNG</th>
			<th>SVG</th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</thead>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th><b>macOS</b></th>
			<td><img src="examples/macos.png" alt="macOS PNG" width="128"/></td>
			<td><img src="examples/macos.svg" alt="macOS SVG" width="128"/></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th><b>Ubuntu</b></th>
			<td><img src="examples/ubuntu.png" alt="Ubuntu PNG" width="128"/></td>
			<td><img src="examples/ubuntu.svg" alt="Ubuntu SVG" width="128"/></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th><b>Windows</b></th>
			<td><img src="examples/windows.png" alt="Windows PNG" width="128"/></td>
			<td><img src="examples/windows.svg" alt="Window SVG" width="128"/></td>
		</tr>
   	</tbody>
</table>

## Quickemu logos
<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>Colour</th>
			<th>With background</th>
			<th>Wthout background</th>
		</tr>
	</thead>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Pink</th>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-pink.svg" alt="Quickemu pink with background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-pink-nobg.svg" alt="Quickemu pink without background" /></td>
			<td></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>Black</th>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-black.svg" alt="Quickemu black with background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-black-nobg.svg" alt="Quickemu black without background" /></td>
			<td></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>White</th>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-white.svg" alt="Quickemu white with background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-white-nobg.svg" alt="Quickemu white without background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-white-pinkbg.svg" alt="Quickemu white with pink background" /></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

Link to quickemu in README.md

README.md, after:

<img src="quickemu.png" alt="quickemu" width="128" /><h1 style="line-height: 64px">Quickemu - Icons</h1>

Quickemu VM icons for various operating systems for use in desktop files etc.

Visit the <a href="https://github.com/Lukewh/quickemu-icons/releases">Releases page</a> to download optimized versions.

[Quickemu](https://github.com/wimpysworld/quickemu) is a project by the awesome Martin Wimpress.
Check out his [Twitch channel](https://twitch.tv/wimpysworld) for coding streams and other fun stuff!

<hr />

## VM Examples
<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>OS</th>
			<th>PNG</th>
			<th>SVG</th>
			<th></th>
		</tr>
	</thead>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th><b>macOS</b></th>
			<td><img src="examples/macos.png" alt="macOS PNG" width="128"/></td>
			<td><img src="examples/macos.svg" alt="macOS SVG" width="128"/></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th><b>Ubuntu</b></th>
			<td><img src="examples/ubuntu.png" alt="Ubuntu PNG" width="128"/></td>
			<td><img src="examples/ubuntu.svg" alt="Ubuntu SVG" width="128"/></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th><b>Windows</b></th>
			<td><img src="examples/windows.png" alt="Windows PNG" width="128"/></td>
			<td><img src="examples/windows.svg" alt="Window SVG" width="128"/></td>
		</tr>
   	</tbody>
</table>

## Quickemu logos
<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>Colour</th>
			<th>With background</th>
			<th>Wthout background</th>
		</tr>
	</thead>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Pink</th>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-pink.svg" alt="Quickemu pink with background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-pink-nobg.svg" alt="Quickemu pink without background" /></td>
			<td></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>Black</th>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-black.svg" alt="Quickemu black with background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-black-nobg.svg" alt="Quickemu black without background" /></td>
			<td></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<th>White</th>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-white.svg" alt="Quickemu white with background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-white-nobg.svg" alt="Quickemu white without background" /></td>
			<td><img src="src/quickemu-icons/quickemu-white-pinkbg.svg" alt="Quickemu white with pink background" /></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
